ain't to is not
aren't to are not
can't to cannot
could've to could have
couldn't to could not
didn't to did not
doesn't to does not
don't to do not
hadn't to had not
hasn't to has not
haven't to have not
he'd to he would
he'll to he will
he's to he is
how'd to how did
how'll to how will
how's to how is
i'd to i would
i'll to i will
i'm to i am
i've to i have
isn't to is not
it'd to it would
it'll to it will
it's to it is
let's to let us
mayn't to may not
might've to might have
mightn't to might not
must've to must have
mustn't to must not
needn't to need not
oughtn't to ought not
she'd to she would
she'll to she will
she's to she is
should've to should have
shouldn't to should not
that'd to that would
that's to that is
there'd to there would
there's to there is
they'd to they would
they'll to they will
they're to they are
they've to they have
to've to to have
wasn't to was not
we'd to we would
we'll to we will
we're to we are
we've to we have
weren't to were not
what'll to what will
what're to what are
what's to what is
what've to what have
when's to when is
when've to when have
where'd to where did
where's to where is
where've to where have
who'll to who will
who's to who is
who've to who have
why's to why is
why've to why have
will've to will have
won't to will not
would've to would have
wouldn't to would not
y'all to you all
you'd to you would
you'll to you will
you're to you are
you've to you have